src/tutorials/basics/draw-a-sketch.md, before:

# Draw a Nannou Sketch

**Tutorial Info**

- Author: tpltnt
- Required Knowledge: [Getting Started](/getting_started.md)
- Reading Time: 5 minutes

---


**Nannou is a framework for creative coding in Rust.** A framework can be
thought of as a collection of building blocks to help accomplish a goal.

A sketch is the smallest/fastest way to get results with nannou.
Here is one example which just yields a blue window:

```rust,no_run
# extern crate nannou;
#
// minimal example of a nannou sketch
use nannou::prelude::*;

fn main() {
    nannou::sketch(view);
}

fn view(app: &App, frame: &Frame) {
    // get canvas to draw on
    let draw = app.draw();

    // set background to blue
    draw.background().color(BLUE);

    // put everything on the frame
    draw.to_frame(app, &frame).unwrap();
}
```

You can exit the sketch by pressing `ESC`.

## Sidenote: Sketches vs. Apps

Nannou can be used to create many things with very different levels
of complexity, similar to pen and paper. Sketches are more like
squiggles on napkins while apps can be really elaborate drawings.
Sketches offer a contrained space to work with, but a lot is taken
care of behind the scenes. Apps allow for more fine grained control,
but also require more (explicit) work on your part. A good overview
of how apps work can be found in the chapter [Anatomy of a nannou app](/tutorials/basics/anatomy-of-a-nannou-app.md).


## Explaining the Code

A sketch basically consists of (at least) two functions: `main()` and `view()`.
First we import some building blocks of nannou for convenience using the line
```rust,no_run
use nannou::prelude::*;
```

After this import the actual sketching code starts. The `main()` functions is
called first by the computer. This is where all your logic starts. The code
```rust,no_run
nannou::sketch(view);
```
call a function to draw on the single window (`view()` in this case). This
function has the signature `fn(_: &App, _: &Frame);`. Don't worry if you
don't know what a function signature is. Just copy the `main()` function
and you will be fine.

The `view()` function actually creates things on the screen.
```rust,no_run
# #![allow(unused_imports)]
# extern crate nannou;
#
#// minimal example of a nannou sketch
#use nannou::prelude::*;
#
#fn main() {
#    nannou::sketch(view);
#}
#
fn view(app: &App, frame: &Frame) {
    let draw = app.draw();

    draw.background().color(BLUE);

    draw.to_frame(app, &frame).unwrap();
}
```

This function follows the same scheme. First some setup is done. The line
```rust,no_run
let draw = app.draw();
```
lets us assign a canvas-like datatype to the variable `draw`.
We can now paint on the this canvas by setting the background to blue.
```rust,no_run
draw.background().color(BLUE);
```
Now we have a canvas with only a blue background. We take this canvas and
create a (computer graphics) frame from it to display in the main window.
```rust,no_run
draw.to_frame(app, &frame).unwrap();
```

Commit message:

linked learning ressources for Rust

src/tutorials/basics/draw-a-sketch.md, after:

# Draw a Nannou Sketch

**Tutorial Info**

- Author: tpltnt
- Required Knowledge: [Getting Started](/getting_started.md)
- Reading Time: 5 minutes

---


**Nannou is a framework for creative coding in Rust.** A framework can be
thought of as a collection of building blocks to help accomplish a goal.
If you are not familiar with the programming language Rust, please work
through some of [this material first](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn).

A sketch is the smallest/fastest way to get results with nannou.
Here is one example which just yields a blue window:

```rust,no_run
# extern crate nannou;
#
// minimal example of a nannou sketch
use nannou::prelude::*;

fn main() {
    nannou::sketch(view);
}

fn view(app: &App, frame: &Frame) {
    // get canvas to draw on
    let draw = app.draw();

    // set background to blue
    draw.background().color(BLUE);

    // put everything on the frame
    draw.to_frame(app, &frame).unwrap();
}
```

You can exit the sketch by pressing `ESC`.

## Sidenote: Sketches vs. Apps

Nannou can be used to create many things with very different levels
of complexity, similar to pen and paper. Sketches are more like
squiggles on napkins while apps can be really elaborate drawings.
Sketches offer a contrained space to work with, but a lot is taken
care of behind the scenes. Apps allow for more fine grained control,
but also require more (explicit) work on your part. A good overview
of how apps work can be found in the chapter [Anatomy of a nannou app](/tutorials/basics/anatomy-of-a-nannou-app.md).


## Explaining the Code

A sketch basically consists of (at least) two functions: `main()` and `view()`.
First we import some building blocks of nannou for convenience using the line
```rust,no_run
use nannou::prelude::*;
```

After this import the actual sketching code starts. The `main()` functions is
called first by the computer. This is where all your logic starts. The code
```rust,no_run
nannou::sketch(view);
```
call a function to draw on the single window (`view()` in this case). This
function has the signature `fn(_: &App, _: &Frame);`. Don't worry if you
don't know what a function signature is. Just copy the `main()` function
and you will be fine.

The `view()` function actually creates things on the screen.
```rust,no_run
# #![allow(unused_imports)]
# extern crate nannou;
#
#// minimal example of a nannou sketch
#use nannou::prelude::*;
#
#fn main() {
#    nannou::sketch(view);
#}
#
fn view(app: &App, frame: &Frame) {
    let draw = app.draw();

    draw.background().color(BLUE);

    draw.to_frame(app, &frame).unwrap();
}
```

This function follows the same scheme. First some setup is done. The line
```rust,no_run
let draw = app.draw();
```
lets us assign a canvas-like datatype to the variable `draw`.
We can now paint on the this canvas by setting the background to blue.
```rust,no_run
draw.background().color(BLUE);
```
Now we have a canvas with only a blue background. We take this canvas and
create a (computer graphics) frame from it to display in the main window.
```rust,no_run
draw.to_frame(app, &frame).unwrap();
```
