examples/README.md, before:

|     |     |     |
| --- |:---:|:---:|
| [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/GP6zlSR.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw.rs) draw| [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/ly3Uk3g.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw_mesh.rs) draw_mesh | [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/lm4RI4N.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw_polyline.rs) draw_polyline | [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/kPn91tW.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw_polygon.rs) draw_polygon
| [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/gaiWHZX.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/simple_ui.rs) simple_ui| [<img src="https://imgur.com/GU0cr1w.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_triangle/wgpu_triangle.rs) wgpu_triangle| [<img src="https://imgur.com/7MdNC7L.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_image/wgpu_image.rs) wgpu_images| [<img src="https://imgur.com/VNaJQPT.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_compute_shader/wgpu_compute_shader.rs) wgpu_compute_shader
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/vUt1aFb.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_image_sequence/wgpu_image_sequence.rs) wgpu_image_sequence| [<img src="https://imgur.com/NFw36vk.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_teapot/wgpu_teapot.rs) wgpu_teapot | [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/4TtL8kP.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/generative_design/color/p_1_0_01.rs) p_1_0_01 |[<img src="https://imgur.com/fnzIylM.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/generative_design/color/p_1_2_3_02.rs) p_1_2_3_02
[<img src="https://imgur.com/pByxWWP.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_01_vectors/1_2_bouncingball_vectors_object.rs) 1_2_bouncingball_vectors_object | [<img src="https://imgur.com/Gvari1e.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_01_vectors/1_9_motion101_acceleration.rs) 1_9_motion101_acceleration | [<img src="https://imgur.com/DLxXfNp.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_01_vectors/1_11_motion101_acceleration_array.rs) 1_11_motion101_acceleration_array | [<img src="https://imgur.com/HKNvhbv.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_1_forces.rs) 2_1_forces
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/IBfwRgm.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_2_forces_many.rs) 2_2_forces_many | [<img src="https://imgur.com/MtJYrZC.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_4_forces_friction.rs) 2_4_forces_friction | [<img src="https://imgur.com/qcvsgdO.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_5_fluid_resistance.rs) 2_5_fluid_resistance | [<img src="https://imgur.com/pfdEq7F.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_6_attraction.rs) 2_6_attraction
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/MIsYEOQ.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_7_attraction_many.rs) 2_7_attraction_many | [<img src="https://imgur.com/EQzoWuo.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_8_mutual_attraction.rs) 2_8_mutual_attraction | [<img src="https://imgur.com/DPtlAbL.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_10_exercise_attract_repel.rs) 2_10_exercise_attract_repel | [<img src="https://imgur.com/il1FVb8.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_forces_many_mutual_boundaries.rs) 2_forces_many_mutual_boundaries
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/j2a4vTh.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_04_polar_to_cartesian.rs) 3_04_polar_to_cartesian | [<img src="https://imgur.com/TfPYqoH.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_05_simple_harmonic_motion.rs) 3_05_simple_harmonic_motion | [<img src="https://imgur.com/xFLYD4h.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_07_oscillating_objects.rs) 3_07_oscillating_objects | [<img src="https://imgur.com/og6AWYz.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_09_wave_b.rs) 3_09_wave_b
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/pVaq983.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_04_systems/4_01_single_particle.rs) 4_01_single_particle | [<img src="https://imgur.com/CHGw0sa.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_04_systems/4_02_vector_particle.rs) 4_02_vector_particle | [<img src="https://imgur.com/vB6bv2G.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_04_systems/4_03_particle_system_type.rs) 4_03_particle_system_type | [<img src="https://imgur.com/GK73viZ.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_01_wolfram_ca_figures.rs) 7_01_wolfram_ca_figures
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/6UB2TQh.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_01_wolfram_ca_simple.rs) 7_01_wolfram_ca_simple | [<img src="https://imgur.com/wRAUf1U.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_02_game_of_life_simple.rs) 7_02_game_of_life_simple | [<img src="https://imgur.com/bGwrhaC.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_03_game_of_life_oop.rs) 7_03_game_of_life_oop | |

Commit message:

get people up and running & pointing to the guide

examples/README.md, after:

You can run any example by executing
```
cargo run --example NAME_OF_THE_EXAMPLE
```
A detailed explanation can be found in [the nannou guide](https://www.guide.nannou.cc/getting_started/running_examples.html).

|     |     |     |
| --- |:---:|:---:|
| [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/GP6zlSR.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw.rs) draw| [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/ly3Uk3g.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw_mesh.rs) draw_mesh | [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/lm4RI4N.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw_polyline.rs) draw_polyline | [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/kPn91tW.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/draw/draw_polygon.rs) draw_polygon
| [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/gaiWHZX.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/simple_ui.rs) simple_ui| [<img src="https://imgur.com/GU0cr1w.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_triangle/wgpu_triangle.rs) wgpu_triangle| [<img src="https://imgur.com/7MdNC7L.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_image/wgpu_image.rs) wgpu_images| [<img src="https://imgur.com/VNaJQPT.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_compute_shader/wgpu_compute_shader.rs) wgpu_compute_shader
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/vUt1aFb.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_image_sequence/wgpu_image_sequence.rs) wgpu_image_sequence| [<img src="https://imgur.com/NFw36vk.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/manugildev/nannou/blob/master/examples/wgpu/wgpu_teapot/wgpu_teapot.rs) wgpu_teapot | [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/4TtL8kP.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/generative_design/color/p_1_0_01.rs) p_1_0_01 |[<img src="https://imgur.com/fnzIylM.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/generative_design/color/p_1_2_3_02.rs) p_1_2_3_02
[<img src="https://imgur.com/pByxWWP.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_01_vectors/1_2_bouncingball_vectors_object.rs) 1_2_bouncingball_vectors_object | [<img src="https://imgur.com/Gvari1e.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_01_vectors/1_9_motion101_acceleration.rs) 1_9_motion101_acceleration | [<img src="https://imgur.com/DLxXfNp.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_01_vectors/1_11_motion101_acceleration_array.rs) 1_11_motion101_acceleration_array | [<img src="https://imgur.com/HKNvhbv.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_1_forces.rs) 2_1_forces
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/IBfwRgm.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_2_forces_many.rs) 2_2_forces_many | [<img src="https://imgur.com/MtJYrZC.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_4_forces_friction.rs) 2_4_forces_friction | [<img src="https://imgur.com/qcvsgdO.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_5_fluid_resistance.rs) 2_5_fluid_resistance | [<img src="https://imgur.com/pfdEq7F.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_6_attraction.rs) 2_6_attraction
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/MIsYEOQ.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_7_attraction_many.rs) 2_7_attraction_many | [<img src="https://imgur.com/EQzoWuo.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_8_mutual_attraction.rs) 2_8_mutual_attraction | [<img src="https://imgur.com/DPtlAbL.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_10_exercise_attract_repel.rs) 2_10_exercise_attract_repel | [<img src="https://imgur.com/il1FVb8.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_02_forces/2_forces_many_mutual_boundaries.rs) 2_forces_many_mutual_boundaries
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/j2a4vTh.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_04_polar_to_cartesian.rs) 3_04_polar_to_cartesian | [<img src="https://imgur.com/TfPYqoH.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_05_simple_harmonic_motion.rs) 3_05_simple_harmonic_motion | [<img src="https://imgur.com/xFLYD4h.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_07_oscillating_objects.rs) 3_07_oscillating_objects | [<img src="https://imgur.com/og6AWYz.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_03_oscillation/3_09_wave_b.rs) 3_09_wave_b
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/pVaq983.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_04_systems/4_01_single_particle.rs) 4_01_single_particle | [<img src="https://imgur.com/CHGw0sa.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_04_systems/4_02_vector_particle.rs) 4_02_vector_particle | [<img src="https://imgur.com/vB6bv2G.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_04_systems/4_03_particle_system_type.rs) 4_03_particle_system_type | [<img src="https://imgur.com/GK73viZ.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_01_wolfram_ca_figures.rs) 7_01_wolfram_ca_figures
| [<img src="https://imgur.com/6UB2TQh.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_01_wolfram_ca_simple.rs) 7_01_wolfram_ca_simple | [<img src="https://imgur.com/wRAUf1U.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_02_game_of_life_simple.rs) 7_02_game_of_life_simple | [<img src="https://imgur.com/bGwrhaC.gif" width="220" Height="165">](https://github.com/nannou-org/nannou/blob/master/examples/nature_of_code/chp_07_cellular_automata/7_03_game_of_life_oop.rs) 7_03_game_of_life_oop | |
