src/welcome.md, before:

# Welcome!

**Nannou is an open-source, creative-coding toolkit for Rust.**

The aim of this guide is to help you find the information you are looking for.
Whether you are new to Nannou and are looking for a place to start, or you are
an experienced Nannou user looking for more advanced tutorials, this book should
have something for you!

### [Why Nannou?](/why_nannou.md)

Here you can read about the motivations and philosophy behind Nannou. Why start
Nannou? What drives forward progress?

### [Getting Started](/getting_started.md)

Is this your first time using Nannou or Rust? This is the chapter for you.
This chapter covers everything from installing Rust right through to starting
your own Nannou project.

### [Tutorials](/tutorials.md)

A suite of tutorials demonstrating how to do different things with Nannou. For
example, "How do I output sounds?", "How do I draw shapes?", "How can I connect
to my laser?"

### [Developer Reference](/developer_reference.md)

Learn more about the design philosophy behind Nannou, how the project is
architected and how you can contribute.

### [API Reference](https://docs.rs/nannou)

If you are looking for the source code reference, check out
[docs.rs/nannou](https://docs.rs/nannou). Here you can find documentation about
the API generated from the code itself.

### [Showcases](/showcases.md)

See what's possible with Nannou! A collection of projects made with Nannou.

Commit message:

Add the Code of Conduct and link to it within the Welcome message
Also corrects some links w.r.t. the email address.

src/welcome.md, after:

# Welcome!

**Nannou is an open-source, creative-coding toolkit for Rust.**

The aim of this guide is to help you find the information you are looking for.
Whether you are new to Nannou and are looking for a place to start, or you are
an experienced Nannou user looking for more advanced tutorials, this book should
have something for you!

As excited as we are about developing tools for creative coding, we are equally
excited about fostering a warm, welcoming and inclusive community. Please make
yourself familiar with our [Code of Conduct](/code_of_conduct.md) and feel free
to join us on [the Nannou
Slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/nannou/nannou-slack)!

### [Why Nannou?](/why_nannou.md)

Here you can read about the motivations and philosophy behind Nannou. Why start
Nannou? What drives forward progress?

### [Getting Started](/getting_started.md)

Is this your first time using Nannou or Rust? This is the chapter for you.
This chapter covers everything from installing Rust right through to starting
your own Nannou project.

### [Tutorials](/tutorials.md)

A suite of tutorials demonstrating how to do different things with Nannou. For
example, "How do I output sounds?", "How do I draw shapes?", "How can I connect
to my laser?"

### [Developer Reference](/developer_reference.md)

Learn more about the design philosophy behind Nannou, how the project is
architected and how you can contribute.

### [API Reference](https://docs.rs/nannou)

If you are looking for the source code reference, check out
[docs.rs/nannou](https://docs.rs/nannou). Here you can find documentation about
the API generated from the code itself.

### [Showcases](/showcases.md)

See what's possible with Nannou! A collection of projects made with Nannou.
